---
layout: post
title:  "Sample MARKDOWN!"
date:   2020-03-27 14:53:34 +0900
categories: jekyll update
---

---


# 내용없는 Test Page입니다.

---------------


MathJax online test: http://jsbin.com/zimuxulawu/edit?html,output


You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}


$$D_{KL}(p \| q) = \int_x p(x) \log \frac{p(x)}{q(x)} dx$$

이 식의 의미

$$
\begin{eqnarray}
\widehat{g}_t^{acer}  &=& \bar{\rho}_{t}  \nabla_{\theta} \log \pi_{\theta}(a_t| x_t) [Q^{ret}(x_t, a_t) - V_{\theta_v}(x_t)]  \\
& & + \underset{a \sim \pi}{\mathbb{E}} \left( \left[\frac{\rho_{t}(a) - c}{\rho_{t}(a)} \right]_+ \hspace{-3mm}
\nabla_{\theta}  \log \pi_{\theta}(a| x_t)[Q_{\theta_v}(x_t, a)- V_{\theta_v}(x_t)] \right)
\end{eqnarray}$$

행렬
$$
\begin{pmatrix}
 1 & a_1 & a_1^2 & \cdots & a_1^n \\
 1 & a_2 & a_2^2 & \cdots & a_2^n \\
 \vdots  & \vdots& \vdots & \ddots & \vdots \\
 1 & a_m & a_m^2 & \cdots & a_m^n    
 \end{pmatrix}
$$

$$
\begin{eqnarray}
f(x) &=& \int_0^\infty g(t,x) dt \\
&=& z(x)
\end{eqnarray}
$$


$$\begin{eqnarray} 
y &=& x^4 + 4      \nonumber \\
&=& (x^2+2)^2 -4x^2  \label{eq0001}\\
&\le&(x^2+2)^2   \label{eq0002}
\end{eqnarray}$$


$$\eqref{eq0001)$$과 식$$(\eqref{eq0002})$$  $$\eqref{eq0001)$$과 식$$(\eqref{eq0002})$$


수식에 reference 달기 성공: 
$$
\begin{align}
    g &= \int_a^b f(x)dx \label{eq1}\tag{1} \\
    a &= b + c \label{eq2}\tag{2}
\end{align}
$$
See $$(\ref{eq1})$$ and $$(\ref{eq2})$$
